Centre to release Rs 145 crore for rural roads
ANANATPUR: Union minister for rural development JairamRamesh on Sunday said the Centre would spend Rs 145 crore on development of rural roads in the state. He said motorable roads would be provided to all habitations with a population of 250 and more.




APSRTC to commence direct bus service between Rajiv Gandhi International Airport and Vijayawada from 6th April
Hyderabad |4  April2010
Pick-up and Drop at the door step of the airport terminal building
•    Garuda A/C service with all the facilities
•    Airport to Vijayawada daily at 6.30 am
•    Vijayawada to Airport daily at 2.30 pm
•       One way fare Rs.400/-




Hyderabad/Vijayawada, 4 April, 2010: The Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC) in association with GMR Hyderabad International Airport Limited (GHIAL) will be introducing daily direct bus (Garuda) service between Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (RGIA) and Vijayawada from 6th April, 2010. This daily bus service will leave for Vijayawada at 6.30 am from the arrival ramp of the RGIA terminal building. In return the bus will leave for RGIA from Pundit Nehru Bus station (APSRTC bus stand), Vijayawada at 2.30pm. 

The Managing Director of the APSRTC Mr. B. Prasada Rao, IPS will flag-off the first bus service at RGIA on 6th April. 

For seamless and comfortable journey, APSRTC will deploy ultra-modern brand new Garuda Volvo buses. This bus service will provide quality service with all the comforts like A/C, Video, Drinking Water, Tissue Paper and Newspapers. The service will have two stops viz. L.B. Nagar and Suryapet and the one way ticket fare of the same will be Rs.  400/-.

Speaking on the occasion Mr. P. Sripathy, CEO of GHIAL said “we are very happy that based on customer feedback from passengers APSRTC started the service catering to the requirements of NRIs and other air passengers in these areas to the airport and vice versa. This bus service is not only convenient for the Vijayawada bound passengers but also for many in surrounding areas, as air passengers who arrive from many international and domestic destinations at RGIA can board this bus at the door step of the airport to reach their ultimate destination without wasting their time”. We are constantly striving to improve passenger experience and this is another step in that direction

Speaking on the occasion Mr. B. Prasada Rao, Managing Director of APSRTC said “this bus service will be a convenient option to all the international and domestic air passengers of Vijayawada and surrounding areas who wish to fly from RGIA and also very convenient option for who wish to reach their final destination after getting down at RGIA”.

To cater to the requirements of IT professionals of Vijayawada and surrounding areas the bus after reaching RGIA from Vijayawada will depart to Gachibowli via ORR.

Mr. C. Damodar Das, Executive Director (Operations), Mr. S. Nagaraju, Executive Director (Hyderabad Zone), Mr. S. Ravindra Babu, Regional Manager, R.R. Dist, from APSRTC will also attend the function.

Mr. R.P. Singh, Chief Security Officer, Mr. Rajinder Zalpuri, Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Ramesh Krishna Murthy, Chief Commercial Officer and Mr. G. Radhakrishna Babu, Chief Financial Officer from GHIAL will also grace on the occasion. 






notifs............




The Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC), on Saturday, said that candidates to be called for interviews for para-medical posts have been provisionally shortlisted.

The candidates were shortlisted based on written examinations for the posts of "ECG technician" and "lab assistant".

Verification of the original certificates will be held on July 22, at Bus Bhavan.

The list of shortlisted candidates is available on the APSRTC website, www.apsrtc.gov.in. Candidates have been advised to go through the instructions on the website and act accordingly. (INN)




RELATED ARTICLES
Kiran Kumar Reddy Asks APSRTC To Increase Revenue In Different Ways
APSRTC Losses On The Decline: A K Khan, MD
No Notifications Dash Hopes Of Public Service Aspirants
APSRTC To Have Assured Power Supply
No Hike In APSRTC Fares: A K Khan
